results-20240804/README.md, before:

This data was generated via running the scripts in this repository against https://src.fedoraproject.org/repo/rpm-specs-20240804.tar.xz.
Results may be non-deterministic. `spectool` relies your local system having the correct macro definitions.

| File | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| `rpm-specs-20240804.tar.xz` | Collection of `.spec` files used to generate this data. |
| `sources-from-specs-original.json` | List of source URLs by spec file, generated using `rpm-specs-20240804.tar.xz`. |
| `sources-from-specs-corrected.json` | Manual correction of `sources-from-specs-original.json` to fix `download.kde.org` URLs. |
| `hashes-source.csv` | Hashes of remote files listed in `sources-from-specs-original.json` |
| `hashes-lookaside.csv` | Hashes of Fedora's cached copy of remote files listed in `sources-from-specs-original.json` |
| `mismatching_source0_archives.csv` | Files where there was a hash mismatch, was Source0, and had extension in ["crate", "tar.gz", "tgz", "zip", "tar.xz", "tar.bz2"]. |

A notebook analyzing and merging the data is available [here](https://app.hex.tech/ce95f2e2-5039-4b96-810b-cd4c222f45fa/app/e0d5de4e-4960-48f7-9ef4-a942657b4fe6/latest).

Commit message:

add diff report, fix bugs

results-20240804/README.md, after:

This data was generated via running the scripts in this repository against https://src.fedoraproject.org/repo/rpm-specs-20240804.tar.xz.
Results may be non-deterministic. `spectool` relies your local system having the correct macro definitions.

| File | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| `rpm-specs-20240804.tar.xz` | Collection of `.spec` files used to generate this data. |
| `sources-from-specs-original.json` | List of source URLs by spec file, generated using `rpm-specs-20240804.tar.xz`. |
| `sources-from-specs-corrected.json` | Manual correction of `sources-from-specs-original.json` to fix `download.kde.org` URLs. |
| `hashes-source.csv` | Hashes of remote files listed in `sources-from-specs-original.json` |
| `hashes-lookaside.csv` | Hashes of Fedora's cached copy of remote files listed in `sources-from-specs-original.json` |
| `mismatching_source0_archives.csv` | Files where there was a hash mismatch, was Source0, and had extension in ["crate", "tar.gz", "tgz", "zip", "tar.xz", "tar.bz2"]. |
| `diffs` | Folder containing diffs report from `mismatching_source0_archives.csv`. Generated on 2024-09-15 |

A notebook analyzing and merging the data is available [here](https://app.hex.tech/ce95f2e2-5039-4b96-810b-cd4c222f45fa/app/e0d5de4e-4960-48f7-9ef4-a942657b4fe6/latest).
